# Ricochet

This is a side-scrolling action game that I wrote to teach myself the basics of controlling a game engine, 2d physics/collision, 2d graphics, and a few other things I've always wanted to tinker with. It is incomplete, and probably always will be, but it is playable and should provide 10-20 minutes of amusement. 

If you would like to try it out, download ricochetRequiredFiles.zip, extract it to a local folder, and run ricochet.exe. This program was written to run in Windows 7, and I just ran it myself with no modifications in Windows 10, but I do not make ANY promises that it will run correctly on your system, no matter what OS you are using! This is a homebrewed game that has not undergone ANY certification or outside review whatsoever, so I take no responsibility for any unexpected results you might get from running it...

...that being said, it doesn't do anything super fancy or sophisticated, and even if it crashes, it SHOULDN'T cause any problems. If you'd like to check out the source code behind the game, or even try compiling it yourself, look in the /src/ directory. This folder is not used by the game's executable itself, I just got in the habit of keeping my source code in the same folder with all my assets (graphics, scripts, audio, etc) for my own convenience. All of the code was written in Eclipse, and I archived the makefile and everything else, but I no longer even have Eclipse on my current machine, so I'm not sure if any of that stuff still works.

In case it isn't clear by now, this is essentially an archive for my own private use, and also to provide an example of my CPP programming that I can share to others who wish to see it. I'd love to hear any feedback, on the game's design, gameplay, code, or whatever, but this isn't really intended to ever be "finished" and released commercially. If you recognize your own work anywhere in here (most likely in the graphics or sound effect assets), please understand that I am making NO money off this, and also please let me know so that I can credit you appropriately somewhere in this repository. In the unlikely event that this project is ever released, I would probably rewrite everything from scratch anyway, and I would definitely not use any assets I don't have the rights to! (I did write all of the music myself.)
